fix(metrics-api-scaler): Fix division by 0 for expectedNbMetric (#7743)
kedacore/keda: CHANGELOG.md

- **Loki Scaler**: Limit HTTP error response logging ([#7469](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/pull/7469))
- **Loki Scaler**: `serverAddress` now appends `/loki/api/v1/query` to the end of existing path instead of overriding ([#7648](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/pull/7648))
- **Metrics API Scaler**: Fix `aggregateFromKubeServiceEndpoints` using empty label selector that matched all EndpointSlices in the namespace instead of only the target service's ([#7641](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7641))

> - **Metrics API Scaler**: Fix division by zero in average aggregation when all kube service endpoints fail ([#7743](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/pull/7743))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Metrics API Scaler**: Fix division by zero in average aggregation when all kube service endpoints fail ([#7742](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7742))
```

Author: Thanks Rick!
